README.md, before:

# ![biobranch](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e12e98d6-a3d4-49c5-817e-50a89ffa3842) BioBranch 🌿

**BioBranch** is a streamlined and customizable platform that lets you manage and showcase all your social media handles and important links in one place. Inspired by Linktree, BioBranch offers an easy-to-use interface for creating a personal landing page where you can share your online presence with the world.


## ✨ **Key Features**

- **🎨 Customizable Profiles**: Personalize your BioBranch page with themes, colors, and styles that perfectly match your brand's vibe.
- **🔗 Effortless Link Management**: Easily add, remove, or rearrange your links with a user-friendly dashboard designed for smooth updates.
- **📊 Analytics at Your Fingertips**: Track clicks and visitor stats in real-time to optimize your online presence and engagement.
- **📱 Fully Responsive Design**: Whether on mobile, tablet, or desktop, your BioBranch page will always look stunning and accessible.
- **🔒 Secure & Private**: Your data stays safe with top-notch security and privacy controls, giving you peace of mind while focusing on growth.


## 🚀 **Live Demo**

  ![biobranch](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5541328d-1064-4f1a-bfa2-27f47ac3bfe5)

---

## 🛠️ **Tech Stack**

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/Frontend-React-blue?logo=react&logoColor=white)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-Next.js-black?logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Backend-Node.js-green?logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-Express.js-black?logo=express&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/Database-MongoDB-brightgreen?logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Styles-Tailwind_CSS-38b2ac?logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Google Analytics](https://img.shields.io/badge/Analytics-Google_Analytics-orange?logo=google-analytics&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/Markup-HTML5-orange?logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/Styles-CSS3-blue?logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-JavaScript-yellow?logo=javascript&logoColor=white)
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hosting-Vercel-black?logo=vercel&logoColor=white)


---

## 👨‍💻 **Getting Started with Contributions** 👩‍💻

We welcome all interested developers to contribute to **BioBranch**! Whether you're adding features or fixing bugs, your efforts will improve the platform. Follow the steps below to get started:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new feature branch
3. Commit your changes 
4. Push to the branch 
5. Open a Pull Request.



---

<div>
  <h2 align = "center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Smilies/Red%20Heart.png" width="35" height="35">Our Contributors</h2>
  <div align = "center">
 <h3>Thank you for contributing to our repository</h3>

![Contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=subhadipbhowmik/bio-branch&v=1)

### Show some ❤️ by starring this awesome repository!

</div>

---

##  **🏆 Contribution Guidelines 📑**
- Ensure that the code you write follows best practices and is well documented.
- Test your changes before submitting a pull request.
- Keep your branch updated with the main branch to avoid conflicts.
- Be clear and concise in your pull request titles and descriptions.

---

## 👥 Team

| ![Shubhadip Bhowmik](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/57017965?v=4&s=80) |
|:--:|
| **Shubhadip Bhowmik** <br> <sub>Project Admin</sub> | 
| [![LinkedIn](https://img.icons8.com/fluency/32/000000/linkedin.png)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shubhadip-bhowmik/) |

For any inquiries or feedback, please contact. Happy Contributing 🫡

---
## **🌟 Show your support ⭐**
Give this project a ⭐ if you find it engaging and helpful! Feel Free to reach out.

Commit message:

Added a redirect to CONTRIBUTING.md file form README.md file

README.md, after:

# ![biobranch](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e12e98d6-a3d4-49c5-817e-50a89ffa3842) BioBranch 🌿

**BioBranch** is a streamlined and customizable platform that lets you manage and showcase all your social media handles and important links in one place. Inspired by Linktree, BioBranch offers an easy-to-use interface for creating a personal landing page where you can share your online presence with the world.


## ✨ **Key Features**

- **🎨 Customizable Profiles**: Personalize your BioBranch page with themes, colors, and styles that perfectly match your brand's vibe.
- **🔗 Effortless Link Management**: Easily add, remove, or rearrange your links with a user-friendly dashboard designed for smooth updates.
- **📊 Analytics at Your Fingertips**: Track clicks and visitor stats in real-time to optimize your online presence and engagement.
- **📱 Fully Responsive Design**: Whether on mobile, tablet, or desktop, your BioBranch page will always look stunning and accessible.
- **🔒 Secure & Private**: Your data stays safe with top-notch security and privacy controls, giving you peace of mind while focusing on growth.


## 🚀 **Live Demo**

  ![biobranch](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5541328d-1064-4f1a-bfa2-27f47ac3bfe5)

---

## 🛠️ **Tech Stack**

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/Frontend-React-blue?logo=react&logoColor=white)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-Next.js-black?logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Backend-Node.js-green?logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-Express.js-black?logo=express&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/Database-MongoDB-brightgreen?logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Styles-Tailwind_CSS-38b2ac?logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Google Analytics](https://img.shields.io/badge/Analytics-Google_Analytics-orange?logo=google-analytics&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/Markup-HTML5-orange?logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/Styles-CSS3-blue?logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-JavaScript-yellow?logo=javascript&logoColor=white)
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hosting-Vercel-black?logo=vercel&logoColor=white)


---

## 👨‍💻 **Getting Started with Contributions** 👩‍💻

We welcome all interested developers to contribute to **BioBranch**! Whether you're adding features or fixing bugs, your efforts will improve the platform. Follow the steps below to get started:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new feature branch
3. Commit your changes 
4. Push to the branch 
5. Open a Pull Request.

We welcome all contributions to improve **BioBranch**! If you'd like to contribute, please follow the [Contributing.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) to get details on how to get started.

---

<div>
  <h2 align = "center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Smilies/Red%20Heart.png" width="35" height="35">Our Contributors</h2>
  <div align = "center">
 <h3>Thank you for contributing to our repository</h3>

![Contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=subhadipbhowmik/bio-branch&v=1)

### Show some ❤️ by starring this awesome repository!

</div>

---

##  **🏆 Contribution Guidelines 📑**
- Ensure that the code you write follows best practices and is well documented.
- Test your changes before submitting a pull request.
- Keep your branch updated with the main branch to avoid conflicts.
- Be clear and concise in your pull request titles and descriptions.

---

## 👥 Team

| ![Shubhadip Bhowmik](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/57017965?v=4&s=80) |
|:--:|
| **Shubhadip Bhowmik** <br> <sub>Project Admin</sub> | 
| [![LinkedIn](https://img.icons8.com/fluency/32/000000/linkedin.png)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shubhadip-bhowmik/) |

For any inquiries or feedback, please contact. Happy Contributing 🫡

---
## **🌟 Show your support ⭐**
Give this project a ⭐ if you find it engaging and helpful! Feel Free to reach out.
